Legal Notice Introduction

Nobel Media AB ("Nobel Media" provides this web site (the "Site" ) primarly in support of the mission of the Nobel Fourdation t0 spread infonnation ard knowledge about the Nobe] Prize k ard the Nobel Laureates

Nobel Media encourages You [0 usE the Site 45 an education information and research tool, subjert t0 the specific terms and conditions of use ("Terms and Conditions of Use") set forth here -

Acceptance of Terms and Conditions

By accessing this web site. you eccept without limitation Or qualification these Terms and Conditions of Use Yobel Media may revis? these Tenns and Conditions of Use atany time; by which revisions shall bicd rou;

If you just want [0 visit the Site in order [0 read, educate yourself Or play the interactive games- please &o ahead' These Ters and Conditions 0f Use are firstly applicable tor persons with the intention of using the site in another way then the activities mentioneddescrbed in this document.

It you do not wish to be bound by these Terms and Conditions ot Use. please exit the Site LOI and refrain from funher use -

Trademarks

The names. titles. building images, trademarks_ service marks and logos that appear the Site are registered and unregistered marks of the Nobel Foundation including but cot limited t0. Nobel Prize . the Nabel Medall design mark Nobelprize-orghr Nobel Museumi Nohelmuseeto_ Nobel Media and Nobel Symposia (collectively. the Nobel Foucdation trademars$' The Nobel Foundarion is nost restrictive in pemitting use of these trademarks and you may not use the Nobel Foundation tndemarks !ithout prior written permission from the Nobel Foundation

The trademarks Ot third parties may also appear on the Site from time [0 Lime: You may not use these trademarks without prior wntten pemission of their Tespective owners. You acknowledge and agree that nothing on the Site grnts expressly Or implicitly any rght or license USn any of the Nobel Foundation trademarks or may be constued [0 mean that Nobel Media has authority t0 erant any rght or license on behalf of any third party tTademark owner- Nobel Media assumes nO responsibility for ascettaining whether such rights are valid or for securing such rights on your behalf: Beyond the credit lines that may be listed on the Site, Nobel Media does not provide addresses phone numbers: other contact information tOr third pany rights holders